Logging.
So the next option in Visteon heights of ability is hard to beat that Astar.
If I remember right there when I told you that the head to beat UC you know the text if the other horse
is work but actually drove the Ethernet Network.
Also we have a head to beat send this audio live it off the top of the muster stand.
I heard a bit too that the start has all the virtual machine into the host work but actually when he
says you know does the other host still work perfectly even he does not have a connection to the network.
But I mean if we have a problem at the network management we know that's the other hosts still work
perfectly troubador that data stored.
So for that we always need to have at least two shared storage two external storage for the heights
of ability.
Imagine that we have only one that those took and disk that are stored loose connection and have a problem
for example adding network cable.
So I'll do the server will be out of service.
And for example if one of them ticked down the other slave to get information about the master and he
does not know how to make do the master set up.
So we have a problem situation when we have our data center out of service.
So for those we always want to use atlast to datastore to another.
Or if you have no it will be good.
So for that you see this ferrites of ability is that I start to monitor host and virtual machine when
management network has filed.
We have a problem in the network internet network connection.
So he used that I started when he told the host Vicent the server select two that I store for each host
using the policy and that does or preference specific below.
So the first option we have is automatically selected accessible from the host.
Here Will the text Aldo's that are still available in this cluster that have a connection with all the
host or any of those host.
So I would put it and use it to start a herd to get to know the situation of the host connected to that.
So then we have these that are not only from the specific list we need to chose to host.
So when you chose one of them they show you the host that can be monitoring Troke this one with bucket
like that and things like that and its just this one.
So when you select one of those Lanhee automatically show all the host that can be monitoring from this
external that does the lot.
Number two and then when we chose one he show you all the host that can be monitoring from this store.
For example if you have two ears because I number four that connect only to learn one if were in check
this one we see only three E6 I mean check the land number what you us to do.
E6 I know but for audits.
Right.
So the second option is that I start only from the specific list thats me.
It is only just that I start distraught I start to send her the beats and get a situation of different
insects in our cluster.
But in this situation we use it when we chose for example to a store and something wrong happened to
one of those that are for example disconnect or then you connect it again.
Even we do seem live this is not store will be out of do hurt the between that our he will not use this
that our store when its back to life gets affirmation of all the different tones.
So for that it is always recommended to use automatically or to use those that are stored from the specific
list and complement automatically if needed.
But I mean if we are for example four or five store we still do want that we want to use for head between
if something happened to do that or store he automatically will chose another one and use it for getting
the hard to get information from the different instincts.
So it is always recommended to have to extend another dose if you have more.
It will be good if you are for example take your usual chores for example five six seven or even all
the same not just look but do work without any problem.
It is always a comedy is automatically here with select all available.
He will use two or four from them to get information we use for the pastor out of state.
He automatically will chose the other available at another store to send a herald.
BT So this is the idea about our head.
You always chose automatically or your controls the one that you want to do that.
The beating they have.
Do other than that option.
This one is a little odd.
I said you at some Calment right head for example sent comment for our specific advice that all the
hosts concerned at being too easy to see that I am a life in institution for example this Haast lose
connection with the muster and other route also lost connection.
To do that I thought Here we have another option to send for example of being too specific to the advice
that exists in an older place.
For example are you why or are so rude etc.
It will sound that being to this one to say please I'm alive please tell to the muster that I'm still
alive.
So this one is use it for another option.
You can add them right hand.
So this is a different option that we have pissed off immediately.
And next we'll get an example of that in Dublin do the speed of a beat see you in the next.